1.How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

It gave me directly which lines were different, so searching for a typo became very easy... It reduced the manual checking computation time drastically.....

2.How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

It would reduce my debugging time...

3.What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?


Pros:- Keeps ur work private and secure....
allows user to see different logical versions...
also provides flexibility....
Easy finding of bugs between 2 versions...    
Internet connection not always required...

Cons:- Data can be lost, internet connection required always...

4.Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

So that closely related files are automatically linked together and if they serve the same function, then it helps us reduce our work of redifining each of them's importance...
Also so that we can easily compare the differences made in all the interconnected files at each time.... 

Treating them separately has an advantage for non-linked files...

5.How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log helps to see the log of each and every commit made till present time... It separates each commit with an unique id and a message... so clear distinction... i.e. it shows the history...

git diff helps to compare between two different histories/versions of a commit... so that we can see what changes have been made amongst them...

6.How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

Now, since I know that i can revert back to my code at any time I want, so I would take risks and modify my code as per to see the actions or to say, the experimental possibilities have increased now...

7.Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

To create my new projects and open some files using bash....
